> [!abstract] Events
> - West Europe Dark Age (Comet Fragement Impact).
> - 5000 year old Supernova  (Crab Nebula) became visible.
### Session Quotes

> [Session Date: Apr 16, 2016](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-16-april-2016.41489/post-644509)
>
> (Joe) One last question: In a previous session, it was said that Caesar was born 1,635 years ago. How many years ago did the comet fragment meteorite impact occur in Western Europe that ushered in the Dark Ages?
> 
> A: Around 1100 AD
> 
> Q: (Pierre) They said "AD", not "years ago".
> 
> A: Check tree ring data for signal.
#### 5000 year old Supernova  (Crab Nebula) became visible

> [Session Date: Sep 05, 1998](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-5-september-1998.53763/)
>
> Q: (L) Having done my homework on supernovas to some extent, and having discovered that either supergiant red stars are in the process of going supernova, or supergiant blue stars are getting ready to be ready 
> to go supernova, as well as eruptions of massive interstellar clouds, I note that Betelgeuse, in the right shoulder of Orion, is a red supergiant, and Rigel, in the foot of Orion, is a blue supergiant, both of which 
> could go supernova. Am I going in the right direction? 
> A: You have begun to trek down the right path. 
> Q: (L) We noticed that the supernova that occurred in Cassiopaea 300 years ago did not seem to have been widely noticed by people on earth. What is the reason for this? 
> A: Distance. 
> Q: (L) Now, formerly I asked about the 'two new stars in Cygnus and Serpentarius' that were written about in the Rosicrucian Manifesto of about this period of time, and you said they were talking about 'novae.' 
> But, it seems that there are no new stars in either of these constellations. Yet, at approximately this time, was the supernova in Cassiopaea. 
> A: Yes, those with foreknowledge were looking. 
> Q: (L) Also, there was a supernova that became the Crab Nebula, which occurred 5,000 years ago, yet was not seen on earth, which was 900 years ago, which happens to be exactly the time period I have been 
> looking at as having been a turning point where seeds were planted that are now bearing fruit. Can you tell us if this supernova that was seen 900 years ago, were there effects from the Supernova that contributed 
> to this state of affairs at the culmination of the Dark Ages, the creation of the Templars and so forth. What were the effects of this supernova that was seen 900 years ago? 
> A: Excitation of base liquid molecules. 
> Q: (L) Did this have a physiological effect, or genetic, DNA effect on people? 
> A: Slight. 
> Q: (L) What were the pronounced effects that one would have been able to note? That is microscopic... 
> A: Growth. 
> Q: (L) Growth in what sense? Growth and change in the size of people? 
> A: Close. 
> Q: (L) Growth in a psychological or mental sense? 
> A: Close. 
> Q: (L) What kind of growth specifically? 
> A: Both. 
> Q: (L) At the time of that particular supernova, 5,000 years ago, were there any superluminal effects that were felt instantly? 
> A: Maybe, research and correlate. 
> Q: (L) Was the Great Pyramid at Giza built and lined up to supernova? 
> A: Part of the picture. 
> Q: (L) Were these supernova that occurred at the time of the construction, or that were expected to occur at some point in the future? 
> A: Both. 
> Q: (L) Are supernova in any sense cyclical? 
> A: In a sense requiring higher senses. 
> Q: (L) Do supernova create portals to other universes? 
> A: The doors may be redirected. 
> Q: (L) Does any of this supernova business have anything to do with the constellation Leo? 
> A: In a way. 
> Q: (L) In what way? 
> A: Through geometric configuration. 
> Q: (L) What do you mean 'through geometric configuration?' 
> A: Status of Trine. 
> Q: (L) You mentioned the importance of the Horsehead Nebula in relation to the symbol of the Knight. What is the significance of the Horsehead Nebula? 
> A: Keep up your search, as you are near. 
> Q: (L) What would be the effect of cosmic rays emitted by a supernova that is in some proximity to the earth on the human body? 
> A: Genetic splice of strand. 
> Q: (L) How close would a supernova have to be to have this effect? 
> A: 2000 light years. 
> Q: (L) So that either of these stars in Orion that are potential supernova prospects could have this effect since they are approximately 1500 light years away? 
> A: Yes. 
> Q: (A) Are we talking about effects that propagate with the speed of light, or effects that are superluminal and instantaneous? 
> A: Both, and slower as well. 
> Q: (L) What would be the effect that would be instantaneous? 
> A: Lesser. 
> Q: (A) Now this supernova that is supposed to explode soon, will it be soon in the sense of our SEEING it, that is the arrival of the light from this, or soon in the instantaneous sense? 
> A: Optically. 
> Q: (L) So, this supernova must have already occurred? 
> A: Yes. 
> Q: (L) And where did this supernova take place? 
> A: No dice, baby! 
> Q: (L) What clue can I follow to determine which star it is? 
> A: Instincts. 
> Q: (A) But, if it already occurred, then this means that the instantaneous effects have already been felt, even if it was lesser than the optical effects. It must have been recorded by anomalous changes in genes? (L) 
> Is that true? 
> A: Close. 
> Q: (L) So what, in the records, should we be looking for? 
> A: Sign of struggle out of sequence with pre-ordained activities of Royal Blood Lines. 
> Q: (L) In other words, the usurpation of the blood lines? 
> A: Close. 
