### 1500 AD

Oak Island Pit 

> [Session Date: Apr 22, 1995](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,28432.msg353875.html)
>
> (L) Let's go back to Oak Island. Okay. What I read about Oak Island was that there were legends of lights being seen there prior to 1703.
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) Prior to 1703 would put the burial of whatever is there at least prior to that time, correct?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) Were those lights the lights of craft of other beings other than the natives of this planet?
> 
> A: Electromagnetic profile.
> 
> Q: (L) What was noticed when the kids arrived on the Island was that a limb was sawed off of a tree over the depression and there were marks of a rope and pulleys having been utilized. (T) If something more advanced dug the pit, they wouldn't have used chain hoists and pulleys. (L) That is what I am getting at. So, if there was evidence of this kind of stuff on the tree, it would seem to indicate that somebody had been doing something there who was a little more human or limited in their technology, is that correct?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) Now, my thought is that, it is beyond human technology to have produced that pit at that point in history?
> 
> A: Beyond known technology.
> 
> Q: (L) And yet humans may have been involved in that activity?
> 
> A: Bingo.
> 
> Q: (J) Think back to when we were talking about it and you mentioned the lights.
> 
> A: Some humans have always communed with "higher" powers.
> 
> Q: (L) So, humans my have actually... (J) Like those little kids that broke into those houses and did all that damage. They could have done it themselves, but they had to be directed to do it. I think it is a good analogy.
> 
> A: Not good analogy, we are speaking of conscious communion in this and other and instances.
> 
> Q: (L) Okay, there was conscious communion between humans and other powers in the building of this pit. What group of humans was this?
> 
> A: It's fun learn.
> 
> Q: (J) How about pirates? (L) Well, who was in this area? Eskimos?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) Indians?
> 
> A: Keep going, network.
> 
> Q: (L) There was the French and the English. How about the Vikings? (F) No, the Vikings were 600 years before that. (T) Well, we don't know how long ago the pit was dug. (J) I'm still... yeah, good question. (L) When was the pit dug?
> 
> A: 1500s. Nationality is not issue.
> 
> Q: (T) Well, this pit was dug sometime in the middle of the 1500s. (J) And it was discovered in the 1700s.
> 
> A: Access sect information.
> 
> Q: (L) So, it could have been a religious group.
> 
> A: Now, who claimed communion, Laura has in memory banks from absorption of mass reading practice.
> 
> Q: (F) Was there a sect from that era that claimed communion?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) I think that this may have had something to do with the people that later became known as the Cajuns, a French religious sect that was living there...
> 
> A: Maybe.
> 
> Q: (L) Now, this article says that it would have taken a hundred men working every day for six months to have built this pit...
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) The article also says that it must have been dug in 1780...
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) When they drilled into the pit, some bits of gold came up and a piece of parchment and maybe some other odds and ends. What were these?
> 
> A: Alchemy.
> 
> Q: (T) The remolecularizer made it. (L) Why not? If these people were involved in doing this, why did they do it?
> 
> A: Instructed to do it.
> 
> Q: (L) They were instructed by the higher powers they were in contact with, correct?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) What did they intend to do with it once it was there? Did someone intend to come back for it at some point in time?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (J) Maybe it was a lesson. (T) Is it buried there in that location for a specific reason?
> 
> A: Sure.
> 
> Q: (L) Does it do something? (T) Does the location itself have something to do with the purpose of it?
> 
> A: Magnetic.
> 
> Q: (T) Are there other ones buried on the planet?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (T) Are they aligned to each other on the planet in some kind of geometric pattern?
> 
> A: Maybe.
> 
> Q: (T) Do they all work together?
> 
> A: Maybe.
> 
> Q: (T) Oh, we're getting too close now, they don't want to tell us. (J) Can you tell us where some of the other ones are?
> 
> A: Use mind, that is what it is there for.
> 
> Q: (T) We are using our minds. And, we are talking to you about this. We are friendly.
> 
> A: Shortcut city.
> 
> Q: (T) Yeah! That's what it is all about. We are still third density! If we use...
> 
> A: It's not nice to fool Mother Cassiopaea!
> 
> Q: {Laughter} (T) Mirth! If we were to follow the coordinates where this thing is buried, would it lead us to others?
> 
> A: Try it and see. When L__ said he wanted to hunt for buried treasure, do you think he had this in mind?
> 
> Q: (T) Is there a remolecularizer under us?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) Okay. I want to get back to the function of this thing. You say it is buried not to be dug up. It is actually buried to stay there? Is that correct?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) Then that explains a lot of things about the way it was buried. There was found, at a certain level, a rock with carving on it. It was destroyed through carelessness. I am curious as to what this said. Can you access this and tell us what it said?
> 
> A: Measure marker.
> 
> Q: (J) Could it be possible that this device was somehow related to the crystal pyramid of Atlantis?
> 
> A: In a small sense.
> 
> Q: (J) Did the pyramid have anything to do with powering this device?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (J) It is obvious that the device was buried long after the pyramid was there, but it may have tapped into the power. (L) Is this device continuously operational?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) What stimulates it to go into operation? That is, assuming it does.
> 
> A: Magnetic anomalies.
> 
> Q: (J) Is it affected by earthquakes?
> 
> A: Can be.
> 
> Q: (L) Are these magnetic anomalies ones that occur naturally on the planet?
> 
> A: Both.
> 
> Q: (L) So, they can occur naturally on the planet or they can be generated or stimulated by some other source?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) When this machine is activated, what happens?
> 
> A: Too vague.
> 
> Q: (J) Is this device a doorway for entry into this dimension?
> 
> A: Can be used as such.
> 
> Q: (J) Is it possibly a lock on a doorway into this dimension?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (J) Is it a focal point for entry into this dimension?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (T) Is it a stand-alone machine or is it to be used in conjunction with others?
> 
> A: Either.
> 
> Q: (J) Oh. So, they are networked together and if it is a small job, one can do it but if it is a big job they can all activate. (T) Do each of them cover a certain area of the planet?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (T) You said that they don't have to all work at the same time; they can work independently of each other? Are they positioned in such a way if something small happens only a couple of them kick in, but if something large happens, as many as necessary?
> 
> A: Okay.
> 
> Q: (T) Were they placed here to keep the planet stable in some sense?
> 
> A: Vague.
> 
> Q: (L) Who owns it?
> 
> A: Owns?
> 
> Q: (L) Who built it?
> 
> A: Answer for yourself, and enough, already on this subject!!!!
> 
> Q: (J) I think I just heard a door slam! (L) I want to go to the terrorist bomb attack that just happened. Can we talk about this?
> 
> A: You can always ask any and all questions, no need ask for permission, if unanswerable for any reason, we will let you know.
