> [!abstract] Events
> - Roswell Accident
### Session Quotes

#### Roswell Accident

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,25890.msg308377.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Oct 07 1994</a>
> 
> Q: (L) Did a space-craft of the Lizzies piloted by the Grays crash in Roswell?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) What caused the crash?
> 
> A: Ionization.
> 
> Q: (L) Were the bodies and the craft recovered by the United States Government?
> 
> A: Yes.

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,26046.msg310541.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Oct 22 1994</a>
> 
> Q: (L) In discussion of a purported crash of a space craft in Roswell, it was remarked that this crash was caused by ionization. Could you be more specific?
> 
> A: That reference simply means the bouncing of what you call radar beams off of the ions existing in the atmosphere at the time, caused electromagnetic disturbance which interfered the gravitational balancing system of that particular craft.
> 
> Q: (L) Why were the ions present at that time and not at other times?
> 
> A: The ions were charged at that time because of storm activity.
> 
> Q: (L) You said that there were bodies recovered by the government. How many bodies were recovered?
> 
> A: Three dead and one still in operation.
> 
> Q: (L) How long did the one live?
> 
> A: Remained in operation for approximately 3 and a half years. It was a robotic biogenetic being rather than a soul encompassing physical existence.
> 
> Q: (L) Did the government know that it was a robotic being?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) Do they still think it was a living being?
> 
> A: The government is not one individual. Some are now aware that these are biogenetic engineered beings.


> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,34876.msg495848.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Sep 09 1995</a>
> 
> Q: (L) Shifting gears back to the alien autopsy: can you access the information and indicate whether this hybrid being was one that was obtained from a crash that occurred at Roswell, New Mexico in 1947?
> 
> A: The crash did not occur at Roswell. It was in a desert area, approximately 157 miles to the West by Northwest, of the Roswell location. The Roswell location that you are familiar with, did not include either a craft or any bodies or living beings. It was merely a debris field. The actual crash occurred some distance away. The crash site, a desert location, closer to Los Alamos, Mexico, and there, the craft, which had malfunctioned over Roswell, thus leaving behind the debris field, had, in fact crashed. This is where the bodies and living beings were recovered along with what was remaining of the craft. And, yes, the being in the film you have seen DID come from there.
> 
> Q: (L) How many beings were on that craft?
> 
> A: Four.
> 
> Q: (L) Were they all hybrids?
> 
> A: Correct. It also may be noted, and you can check this with the official record as has been interpreted by those in your environment who have studied the subject, this was a specialized mission which was initiated by those referred to as the Lizard Beings using human/hybrid combinations, the hybrid element being that referred to as the Gray type, it was an experiment partly as what could be interpreted or translated to mean a reconnaissance mission, and partly testing the environmental conditions that existed in that area at the time as a result of the nuclear explosions that had occurred in the region in the recent past, as measured from that particular point in time. The effort was to determine effects on both the living Gray species and of, course, the Reptilian or Lizard species, as they have a similar genetic make-up in some ways that we will not get into just now. But, the idea was to test the effects upon both the human genes, or genetic structure, and the Gray genetic structure which, in turn, is connected the Lizard genetic structure if you understand the concept. That was one objective. Another objective, of course, was basic reconnaissance.
