> [!abstract] Events
> - Apollo 11 Moon landing: Saw Aliens & Altered Reality
### Session Quotes

> [Session Date: Sep 09, 2000](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-9-september-2000.23032/)
> 
> Q: (L) Okay, moving right along here. We have here a guy who has written a paper that says: "To make interstellar travel believable, NASA was created. The Apollo space program foisted the idea that man could travel to and walk upon the moon. Every Apollo mission was carefully rehearsed and then filmed in the large sound stages at the Atomic Energy Commission's Top Secret test site in the Nevada Desert and in the secured and guarded sound stage at the Walt Disney studios within which was a huge, full scale mock-up of the Moon." Is it true that the Apollo missions were films as described here?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: (L) Did the Apollo missions actually go into space as we think they did?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (L) This guy further writes that "All names, missions, landing sites and events in the Apollo space program echo the occult metaphors, rituals and symbology of the Illuminati secret religion. The most transparent was the fakes explosion on the spacecraft Apollo 13 named 'Aquarius' at 1:13 on April 13, 1970, which was a metaphor for the initiation ceremony involving the death, placement of the coffin, communion with the spiritual world, and the imparting of esoteric knowledge to the candidate, rebirth of the initiate, and the raising up of Phoenix, the new age of Aquarius by the group of the Lion's Paw..." and so on and on. Was this occult significance applied to these events, either deliberately or accidentally?
> 
> A: Maybe coincidentally.
> 
> Q: (L) If there was any coincidence of application of these principles, did it bespeak an underlying synchronous or nonlocal reality of oneness?
> 
> A: These ideas being put forth this evening are entertaining if nothing else!
> 
> Q: (L) Well, I always said that you could derive occult significance from where the paper man tosses the paper on the lawn if you try hard enough! Nevertheless, this guy further writes that "The tremendous radiation encountered in the Van Allen belt, solar radiation, cosmic radiation, solar flares, temperature control and many other problems connected with space travel, prevent living organisms from leaving our atmosphere with our known level of technology. Any intelligent high school student with a basic physics book can prove NASA faked the Apollo moon landings. If you doubt this, please explain how the astronauts walked upon the moon surface enclosed in a space suit, in full sunlight, absorbing a minimum of 265 degrees of heat, surrounded by a vacuum. And that is not even taking into consideration any of the effects of the cosmic radiation, solar flares, micro-meteorites, etc." Comment please?
> 
> A: No comment!
> 
> Q: (A) On the list to which I am subscribed, there was news about a Brazilian physicist, D'Aquino is his name, who was doing experiments with anti-gravity. I was following his work, and it is true that he is a physicist, but what he was writing made no sense to me. Finally, he published a paper in which he described some effects he got, succeeding with his anti-gravity work, but when I read it, it seemed like cheating to me. The description was not of a TRUE anti-gravity effect. Nevertheless, NASA awarded this guy a 600 thousand dollar research grant to continue his research. The question is: did he really succeed in producing anti-gravity?
> 
> A: He succeeded in producing a red herring.

#### Apollo 11 Moon landing: Saw Aliens & Altered Reality

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-6-december-2025.57461/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Session Date: Dec 06 2025</a>
>
>(Nienna) In previous posts, the C's have said that the Apollo mission did take men to the moon and Neil Armstrong did walk on the moon although the dates stated in the session were not quite accurate. Do the C's still say that this is true?
>
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Nienna) Did the Apollo missions land on the moon with the help of secret or advanced technology?
> 
> A: No
> 
> Q: (Joe) Did the Apollo astronauts see or experience anything on their trip to and on the moon that shocked them and that they could not speak about?
> 
> A: Yes. That is the reason so much confusion has been shrouded about the topic.
> ...
> (Joe) What did the Apollo astronauts see?
> 
> A: Aliens and altered reality.
> 
> Q: (L) Are there things on the moon that are part of another reality that we cannot consistently see?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Joe) So what they saw was something that is normal on the moon - that wasn't put on for their benefit?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (L) And those people that are always seeing flashes of light on the moon, I've heard about people that train their telescope on it and they just watch it all the time. Are those flashes of light related to this altered or other reality?
> 
> A: Yes