> [!abstract] Events
> - Year 0 of new Wave Cycle
### Session Quotes

#### Year 0 of new Wave Cycle

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-20-june-2009.12737/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Jun 20 2009</a>
>
> A: 5 more years! 2 go! 0 new year!
> 
> Q: (L) And who do we have with us this evening?
> 
> A: Poinonia
> 
> Q: (L) And where do you transmit through?
> 
> A: Cassiopaea
> 
> Q: (L) Is there any particular reason you made the announcement about 5 years to go?
> 
> A: Just reminding you.
> 
> Q: (L) You normally have never been date-specific.
> 
> A: This is not "day" specific but close enough for horseshoes.
> 
> Q: (Joe) A lot of the New Agers are gonna be disappointed in 2012.
> 
> A: 2012 is a distraction. We have repeatedly talked about the open nature of the future. It is always open until the probabilities begin to collapse, such as now. But macro-collapses take some "time".
> 
> Q: (L) So you're saying that there is a macro-collapse that has already begun?
> 
> A: Yes

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-22-march-2014.34301/post-481380" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Mar 22 2014</a>
>
> Q: (Perceval) What about the "five years to go" thing?
> 
> A: What do you mean? You is there! Do you not SEE it?
> 
> Q: (Perceval) Well, sure, yeah. (Pierre) About Year Zero? (Perceval) So, you were talking it being the beginning of the end.
> 
> A: Just as earthquakes can begin with one that then begins an "unzipping" process, so does the changing of realms. In fact, the two have a lot in common.
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) Yeah, all these earthquakes in California, South America, the ring of fire... (Pierre) Yeah, a lot were along the Ring of Fire surrounding the Pacific Plate. Unzipping, does it mean it's the whole plate was attached and it's kind of moving... (Chu) Well, unzipping is like starting to reveal... opening up. Outgassing and all that, different openings... (L) Yeah. (Andromeda) So is there going to be a really big event then soon? (Chu) Wait and see!
> 
> A: Wait and see!
> 
> Q: \[Laughter\] (Pierre) Quakes and changing realms have a lot in common. What does it mean? (Andromeda) Yellowstone, too. (Perceval) Well, one earthquake can start a chain reaction that opens up the earth, and one change... (L) I would say the changing of realms changes frequencies, which can change the frequencies of earth which can trigger earthquakes. And earthquakes can emit electromagnetic signals which can create openings in realms. So, you've got all kinds of electromagnetic stuff from both directions.
> 
> A: Yes.