### 1830 AD


> [Session Date: Sep 22, 2018](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-22-september-2018.46333/post-773685)
>
> Q: (L) I guess we'll lead off with our most EXCITING questions, yes? [laughter]
> 
> (Joe) No doubt!
> 
> (L) Well, as a result of my genealogical exercise, I encountered one of my forebears who was named Bell. I was curious about the line. I followed it up, and then across, and then down again. I discovered that it landed on Betsy Bell of the famous Bell Witch case. So, I remembered reading something about it in an article years ago. I decided to get the book – an eye-witness account - and read it. There are actually two little books. There's one written by the son of the family, the brother of Betsy Bell who was the eyewitness. Then there's another book written by this guy M.V. Ingram called An Authenticated History of the Bell Witch which was written in 1894. I was just absolutely astonished by the details of this case. It's like Skinwalker Ranch and Mothman rolled into one! It's the creepiest thing I've ever read. So, we were wanting to ask a few questions about the Bell Witch case. Is that okay?
> 
> A: Ask away.
> 
> Q: (L) Okay, let me read a little passage, this is in 1817.
> 
> Mr. Bell, while walking through his corn field, was confronted by a strange animal, unlike any he had ever seen, sitting in a corn row, gazing steadfastly at him as he approached nearer. He concluded that it was probably a dog, and having his gun in hand, shot at it when the animal ran off.
> 
> Some days after, in the late afternoon, Drew Bell {the son} observed a very large fowl, which he supposed to be a wild turkey, as it perched upon the fence, and ran in the house for a gun to kill it. As he approached within shooting distance, the bird flapped its wings and sailed off, and then he was mystified in discovering that it was not a turkey, but some unknown bird of extraordinary size. [...]
> 
> Betsy walked out one evening soon after this with the children, among the big forest trees near the house, and saw something which she described as a pretty little girl dressed in green, swinging to a limb of a tall oak.
> 
> Then came Dean, the servant, reporting that a large black dog came in the road in front of him at a certain place, every night that he visited his wife Kate, who belonged to Alex Gunn, and trotted along before him to the cabin door and then disappeared.
> 
> These strange apparitions, however, passed for the time unnoticed, exciting no apprehensions whatever.
> 
> (L) Well, right there at the very beginning it sounds like classic Mothman almost. Window fallers.
> 
> ( Artemis) And in a corn field? How creepy!
> 
> (L) Children of the Corn! So, what were these people witnessing when these manifestations began?
> 
> A: Fourth density window fallers.
> 
> Q: (L) Well, if they're 4th density window fallers, that suggests that there was a window that had opened up for them to fall through - right?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (L) I asked Niall to check on any possible geological or any other kind of events at the time. What were the results? The New Madrid Earthquake was when?
> 
> (Niall) 1811 or 1812. Then there was a cholera outbreak in the Bell Witch region in the 1820s and again in the 1830s.
> 
> (L) What about the comets you mentioned?
> 
> (Niall) There were three comets, two of which were called Great Comets: 1830 and 1831. Another one might have been seen in 1825.
> 
> (L) So, it doesn't really look like anything is necessarily connected. What was the impetus for the opening of the window?
> 
> A: The Earth was still settling and did so for many years after. This creates good EM conditions for breaching of the curtain. In this case there were also some astral elements piggybacked on the faller phenomenon.
> 
> Q: (L) So when you say, "astral elements"...
> 
> (Joe) Hang on... I think the earthquake happened...
> 
> (L) When was the eruption of Krakatoa?
> 
> (Pierre) I think it was 1813?
> 
> (L) So Krakatoa I think was in 1818 or something? You gonna go check? There was possibly a lot going on then!
> 
> A: Indeed. The Earth was in stress!
> 
> Q: [Pierre returns] (Pierre) It's not 1818, Krakatoa erupted in 1883.
> 
> (L) There were probably other things happening, but we don’t know what they were because there weren't many people living around there to observe or record them. Okay, let's come back to the astral thing. You said, "astral elements piggybacked". What are these astral elements?
> 
> A: Semi-demonic creatures.
> 
> Q: (L) How can you be semi-demonic?!
> 
> ( Artemis) They just don't go full-on demonic! [laughter]
> 
> (Joe) They’re only demonic at night time.
> 
> A: Loosely coagulated consciousness units.
> 
> Q: (L) So you mean what I always call elementals or thought forms?
> 
> A: Yes. But in this case, the elemental collected much energy and condensed to a greater degree.
> 
> Q: (L) Well, let me go to my little book again here... So, they gave it a name: Kate. And I'm sure that by giving it a name, they helped it condense even more and gave it energy. So, it says:
> 
> Mr. Bell now felt a strange affliction coming on him, which he could not account for. It was stiffness of the tongue, which came suddenly, and for a time, when these spells were on, he could not eat. He described it as feeling like a small stick of wood crosswise in his mouth, pressing out both cheeks, and when he attempted to eat it would push the victuals out of his mouth.
> 
> John Bell endured such things for a long time, perhaps a year or more, hoping that the disturbance would cease, charging his family to keep the matter a profound secret, and they were loyal in their obedience. As frightful as were the demonstrations, not a single neighbor or friend outside of the family had any knowledge of the facts until the affliction became insufferable, when Mr. Bell, in strict confidence, laid the matter before James Johnson and wife, narrating circumstances, insisting that they should spend a night at his house, hoping that Mr. Johnson could throw some light on the mystery. The wish was very cordially acceded to, and at the hour of retirement Mr. Johnson led in family worship, as was his custom, reading a chapter, singing a hymn, and then offering prayer. He prayed very earnestly and fervently for a revelation of the cause, or that the Lord would remove the disturbance. As soon as all were in bed and the lights extinguished, the frightful racket commenced, and presently entered Mr. and Mrs. Johnson's room with increased demonstrations, stripping the cover from their bed. Mr. Johnson was astounded and sat upright in bed in wild amazement; but he was a man of strong faith and cool courage, and recovering from the confusion he collected his wits and commenced talking to the spectre, adjuring it to reveal itself and tell for what purpose it was there. The effect of the entreaty convinced Mr. Johnson that the demonstrations came from an intelligent source of some character, but beyond this he had no conception whatever. He however insisted that Mr. Bell should let the matter be known, and call in other friends to assist in the further investigation. This was agreed to, and there was no end to the number of visitors and investigations. Kate, however, developed more rapidly, and soon in answer to the many entreaties, commenced talking, and among the first vocal demonstrations, repeated Mr. Johnson's song and prayer offered on the night of the first visit, referred to, word for word, personating the old gentleman, assimilating his character so perfectly that no one could distinguish it from his voice and prayer.
> 
> Kate... made great pretensions for religion taking Mr. Johnson for a model of Christianity, calling him "Old Sugar Mouth," frequently observing, "Lord Jesus, how sweet Old Sugar Mouth prays; how I do love to hear him." Kate delighted in Scriptural controversies, could quote any text or passage in the Bible, and was able to maintain a discussion with the ablest of theologians, excelling in fervency of prayer and devotional songs - no human voice was so sweet. Kate made frequent visits to North Carolina, John Bell's old neighborhood, never absent longer than a day or an hour, but always reporting correctly the news or events of the day in that vicinity. With all of these excellent traits of character, Kate behaved badly toward visitors and all members of the family except Mrs. Lucy Bell, to whom the witch was devoted, declaring that "Old Luce" was a good woman, but manifesting very great aversion for "Old Jack" - John Bell, Sr. He was most detestable and loathsome in the eyes of Kate, for which no cause was ever assigned. But the witch often declared its purpose of killing him before leaving the place.
> 
> (L) Alright, so why was this creature/elemental so averse to John Bell and favorable towards his wife? And why did it determine to kill him?
> 
> A: The elemental fed on the suffering of both, but more particularly the wife.
> 
> Q: (Joe) That's interesting. It's out for the husband, but what about the effects on everyone in the family as a result of him being tormented and it getting worse and worse. Everybody's suffering!
> 
> (L) Yeah, the wife was suffering terribly. She even got sick at one point and almost died.
> 
> (Joe) The part when they said that after many entreaties to speak, eventually it did... What the hell did they want it to speak for? If something is running around slapping you and gnawing on the bedposts, I don't want to hear from it, ya know?
> 
> (L) So here... It says:
> 
> Kate the witch never slept, was never idle or confined to any place, but was here and there and everywhere, like the mist of night or the morning sunbeams, was everything and nothing, invisible yet present, spreading all over the neighborhood, prying into everybody's business and domestic affairs; caught on to every ludicrous thing that happened, and all of the sordid, avaricious meanness that transpired; divining the inmost secrets of the human heart, and withal, was a great blab mouth; getting neighbors by the ears, taunting people with their sins and short-comings, and laughing at their folly in trying to discover the identity of the mystery. Kate, however, held fast to Christianity, and was a regular fire-eating Methodist while associating with "Old Sugar Mouth" and his son, Calvin Johnson; was a regular attendant at Mr. Johnson's prayer meetings, calling the amens, thumping on the chairs, and uttering the exclamation "Lord Jesus."
> 
> People now concluded that a good spirit had been sent to the community to work wonders and prepare the good at heart for the second advent. Kate's influence was something like that exercised over a "whiskey-soaked town" by Rev. Sam Jones at the present day, only more forceful. [...]
> 
> Citizens of the community soon learned to respect Kate's presence and councils, as they feared and abominated the witch's scorpion tongue. Everybody got good; the wicked left off swearing, lying and whiskey drinking, just as people do now for Rev. Sam Jones. The avaricious were careful not to covet or lay hands on that which belonged to their neighbors, lest Kate might tell on them. [...]
> 
> No incident out of the regular routine of every day transactions occurred that the witch did not know all about the affair, and would tell the circumstance to someone in less than an hour.
> 
> What a great factor in politics this warlock would be at the present time?
> 
> (L) [laughter] Yeah... So, what the hell kind of a "thing" can... It was everywhere at once! It was telling on everybody! It's just insane.
> 
> ( Artemis) It was like a 6-year-old gossipy kid.
> 
> A: As more people became involved, the elemental had more conduits of energy and information.
> 
> Q: (Pierre) Does it suggest that it was a 2-way street and that the involvement of people believing in it was a necessary condition for this entity to get this information?
> 
> A: Yes absolutely!
> 
> Q: (L) I don't think it was so much believing in it, but being attracted to it.
> 
> (Andromeda) Fascinated by it.
> 
> (L) If you really understood what it was, you'd be wanting to cut off the energy, assuming that that's even possible... When you're talking about a situation that's partially caused by environmental factors...
> 
> (Andromeda) What do you do?
> 
> (Joe) It can take off and harass someone else.
> 
> (L) Look at Mothman. Look at the Skinwalker business. Good grief!
> 
> (Pierre) I think there's another factor. Those window fallers take advantage of this Earth upheaval to enter 3rd density. Why did this entity go to this family? Because they were juicy?
> 
> A: Location was beneficial to the energies.
> 
> Q: (Pierre) So they were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
> 
> (L) Well, it's true that having that kind of... I mean, geez! If you could have that kind of information...
> 
> (Joe) No... It's not a one-way street in that respect. It's not free.
> 
> A: Remember free will and the necessity to choose from what is inside.
> 
> Q: (Joe) And I'm sure they have no problem lying to you.
> 
> (L) Yeah, that's true. It sure did lie! You'd never know.
> 
> (Joe) It could start telling the truth and then throw in lies once it has your trust.
> 
> (L) Well, have we had enough on the Bell Witch? We have a pretty good idea of what was going on. Wait, why did it end?
> 
> A: The energies of the location dissipated.
> 
> Q: ( Artemis) Andromeda was saying it could manifest physical objects?
> 
> (L) Oh, absolutely. It did everything! But then of course it was taking all that energy from those people. Okay, next question?
> 
> (Joe) What caused the shutdown of the solar observatory in New Mexico last week?
> 
> A: Funny you should ask.
> 
> Q: (Joe) Bell Witch Part 2: The Return? [laughter]
> 
> A: Not that severe, but similar and due to similar causes: unsettled EM energies. Precursor waves.
> 
> Q: (L) So they had some kind of phenomenon there, and it freaked people out. It could have even manifested something like Mothman or something similar. And then people freaked out and they called in the FBI. God knows what.
> 
> (Scottie) Ask the question...
> 
> (Joe) Scottie wants details!
> 
> (Scottie) Well, just generally.
> 
> A: Human looking creatures and various electronic anomalies creating panic among the few in the know.
> 
> Q: (Pierre) The Cs said "precursor waves", so it means the main wave is coming?
> 
> (L) Precursor wave... I mean, they were talking about earthquakes.
> 
> (Pierre) Precursor is before something, announcing something...
> 
> (L) Right, and they were talking about...
> 
> (Niall) So this means more of this kind of thing might be coming.
> 
> (Pierre) Yeah, that's what I mean. And there was stuff in the sessions years ago about New Mexico going to 4th density first and curving roads looking like they are straight and vice versa.
> 
> A: Indeed, some of that was experienced.
> 
> Q: (L) And when they were seeing human looking creatures, what does that mean? Were they apparitions or creatures, or...?
> 
> ( Artemis) What did they look like?
> 
> A: Visual and semi-solid manifestations of persons known to be elsewhere.
> 
> Q: (L) So like bilocation or something.
> 
> A: Similar.
> 
> Q: (L) So they were getting like time warp or density warp effects or something.
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Joe) It wasn't really a window faller type of phenomenon.
> 
> (L) It was like a foretaste... a foretaste of glory divine!
> 
> [BREAK TIME!]
> 
> (Joe) We were just saying it's sort of like bleedthrough. If somebody in the solar observatory was talking to someone a thousand miles away, and then they were walking in the hallway just after and thinking about the person, they'd see the person - like a ghost. And the official story was that a janitor had child porn on his computer.
> 
> (L) And they evacuated a facility for that - for a WEEK!?!?
> 
> A: The story is as full of holes as the dimensional barrier!
