> [Session Date: Jan 30, 2010](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-30-january-2010.15927/)
>
> (Ark) 1998 [session about] sun's companion. So, I asked the question: how close would it come, and the answer was, "Distance depends upon other factors, such as intersecting orbit of locator of witness". I don't know what that means. Who is the witness?
> 
> A: You on Earth. Earth can be on opposite side of sun at time of closest approach.
> 
> Q: (Ark) Okay, I am the witness. Now but it says that it depends upon other factors such as intersection. Now, are these factors not determined? I mean, it's not determined where the earth will be at the time of the closest approach?
> 
> A: No, due to gravitational factors in outer solar system.
> 
> Q: (L) So that suggests that things can speed it up or slow it down? 
> 
> (Ark) I don't understand because gravitational factors are also deterministic. I mean, are there some gravitational factors that are not known to us? Like what, black holes?
> 
> A: Other bodies not known to earth science.
> 
> Q: (Joe) Like giant UFOs!
> 
> (Ark) Must be so...
> 
> A: Dark...
> 
> Q: (Ark) Dark?
> 
> (Burma Jones) Dark matter?
> 
> (Ark) There is no dark matter. Is there dark matter?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Joe) Now you're in trouble!
> 
> (Ark) But, as far as I know, we are able to predict the orbit of the solar system in the galaxy. And the galaxy is pretty much known.
> 
> A: There are anomalies that are not explained!
> 
> Q: (Ark) Alright. That's progress. I did some calculations...
> 
> (L) Well why don't we ask what the anomalies are?
> 
> (Ark) Gravitational anomalies.
> 
> (L) Well, what do you mean?
> 
> (Ark) I mean Pioneer trajectory has anomaly, all kinds of rotating galaxies have anomalies...
> 
> (L) But you just said it was all predictable.
> 
> (Ark) Oh, it's predictable on a more or less... I mean, they are small anomalies, not big anomalies. I want to ask about my numbers. So, I put numbers. We were asking for these numbers years ago, you were evasive, and you even admitted that you are evasive for a good reason. Nevertheless, I did calculations with what I could - of course garbage in/garbage out as everyone knows. So, I put for the period 26 million years. Is it approximately true?
> 
> A: Very close 28.2 million years.
> 
> Q: (Ark) Then I had to put another number which was not told to us. I was asking about the mass of this companion star, and I was told that it was "much less than the sun". So, in my calculations, I put half a percent of the mass of the sun. Is it approximately true?
> 
> A: 3.4, closer
> 
> Q: (Ark) 3 percent?! And not half a percent?? That would mean that when it approaches, it will induce perturbation of the solar system.
> 
> A: Indeed!
> 
> Q: (Ark) Hmm.
> 
> A: It already has done so in the past. Just check the record.
> 
> Q: (Joe) It's already perturbed in the past?
> 
> (L) So in other words, you can examine the record and find out what kind of perturbations it does. Like the geological record, historical record, archaeology, etc.
> 
> (Ark) I will do this. Now, just one other question to check. I calculated from these data - the difference in the mass between what I thought. And what we just learned will not influence these calculations - it has to do with perturbations - so, I calculated what we call a semi-major axis. So there is the binary system, there is the sun and there is this companion. And they circulate around each other. But the sun moves only a little bit because it's heavy. So I calculated the semi-major axis. It's a flat elliptical orbit. So we know the semi-minor axis because we were told it's around Pluto distance. So I calculated the semi-major axis and I got the answer like 87,000 astronomical units, which is about 1.3 light years, a the semi-major axis of this elongated ellipse. Is this 1.3 light years more or less the right answer?
> 
> A: 1.7
> 
> Q: (Ark) Okay. Thank you very much. That's enough for me to go back to my calculations and use cleverly what I just got. But I have another question... (laughter) Not related... or maybe related! I am trying to do something adventurous connecting quantum theory with gravity. And I did some calculations and I really don't know what I am doing. I am done. I came up with some kind of a cosmology which is called "anti-De Sitter" cosmology. But I am really stuck because I really don't know what to do next. Just a hint, please?
> 
> A: Take your gravity and convert half into EM light.
> 
> Q: (Ark) I will.
> 
> (laughter) I'm done.
> 
> (L) Does that make sense?
> 
> (Ark) No.
> 
> (Joe) What's EM light? Electromagnetic light?
> 
> (Joe) You have to make some?
> 
> (Ark) I will make some.
> 
> (L) Don't you want to ask another one?
> 
> (Ark) No, I have my homework.
