### 564 AD
* Rome Burning (Comet) & Dark Ages
* Brahminical switch to Vegetarianism

> [Session Date: Jan 14, 2023](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-14-january-2023.52926/)
>
> Q: (seek10) B.R Ambedkar hypothesized that Brahmanical switch from obsessive beef eating to cow worship is part of the counter revolution against Buddhists (100 BC - 400 AD). Is this close to the reality of what happened?
> 
> A: Close, yes.
> 
> Q: (seek10) If so, are there any contribution of cosmic events that caused the Black Death in the West and was responsible for this cow scarcity that Brahmins used against Buddhists?
> 
> A: Yes. Very insightful. Roman Empire also fell and Europe burned at that time also.
* Last Decline of Giants
> [Session Date: Mar 13,  2021](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-13-march-2021.50291/)
>
> (L) What about those huge jars we were talking about earlier?
> 
> (Joe) Oh yeah! Who made the stone jars that litter the landscape in Laos? [See: add image here
> 
> ]
> 
> A: Race of hominids no longer extant.
> 
> Q: (Joe) What was the purpose of the jars?
> 
> A: Storage.
> 
> Q: (Artemis) Were they big people or normal sized?
> 
> A: Giants.
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) How did they transport them?
> 
> A: Technology. Think "Coral Castle".
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) Technological giants.
> 
> (Joe) Did they store grain in them to make beer?
> 
> (L) To make BEER?! [laughter]
> 
> (Andromeda) That was one of the theories.
> 
> A: Some.
> 
> Q: (Joe) They were big drinkers, I see... [laughter]
> 
> (L) So I guess we should just think about the fact that there's so much evidence of higher technologies, races of giants on the planet, I mean... It's also covered up. Look at that Smithsonian business. If I remember correctly, even within recorded history, there were giants discovered living on some - like Patagonia or something - that have died out. Of course, there's some evidence that there were some gigantic types still on the Canary Islands and in the Americas that had double rows of teeth.
> 
> (Joe) They found giant axes in various places too.
> 
> A: Indeed. The true history of your planet is little known. Refer to collections made by your Mr. Hancock.
> 
> Q: (L) I think that must mean Graham Hancock?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (L) Yeah, he's a pretty good researcher as long as he doesn’t try to figure out esoteric things on his own.
> 
> (Pierre) In his last book, the second part is dedicated to giants in America.
> 
> (L) What's the title?
> 
> (Andromeda) 'Giants in America', I think.
> 
> (Niall) His most recent book is called 'America Before' or something. We have it upstairs.
> 
> (Pierre) He's documented that a lot. And the Mound people and...
> 
> (L) Okay. The 'Giants in America' or some such title, must be the other book I have. It has images of all the many articles about finds in America that were sent to the Smithsonian where they disappeared and then denials of their existence were made afterward. It’s obviously a huge coverup.
> 
> (Joe) Is it true that the really tall giants - like 13 or 15 feet - were they alive under the same gravitational conditions as we have today?
> 
> A: Not exactly. Conditions on your planet changed significantly at the time of the destruction of the Roman Empire. Giants from that time forward faced increasingly difficult conditions and survival became untenable.
> 
> Q: (L) So there were some still left in pockets, is that it?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Joe) Those were the ones discovered by explorers after the Dark Ages.
> 
> (Chu) Did they have a language we might be familiar with if they lived that recently?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Chu) Which language?
> 
> A: Similar to Basque.
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) Like Atlantean.
> 
> (Scottie) I think 'hello' was, "Fee-fi-fo-fum"... [laughter]
> 
> (L) And their favorite thing to say was, "I smell the blood of an Englishman!"
> 
> (Joe) So, gravity was less, let's say, to make it easy for them to...
> 
> A: Yes. Also electrical charge of planet.
> 
> Q: (L) That reminds me of all the really peculiar electrical phenomena recorded in the ancient Greco-Roman records that seemed to sort of stop when records picked up again after the destruction of the ancient world. But, of course, there were periods when things were really weird even after that. So the people before the end of the Roman Empire were seeing a lot more of our plasma men than we would see nowadays?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) But the giants lived alongside little people then?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Joe) And was life easier for normal people then, as well?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (L) It had probably been in decline beginning from even earlier periods...
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (L) So that was the last big change I guess, something like 540 AD.
> 
> (Joe) In the reports of explorers after the Roman Empire going and finding giants and stuff, if they fought with the giants it seems they were relatively easily defeated as they were big and slow.
> 
> (L) They probably weren't able to deal with the environmental conditions.
> 
> (Andromeda) Were they stupid?
> 
> A: Not at first.
> 
> Q: (L) But they became stupid as their health declined in the environmental changes?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Chu) They had to be pretty smart if they had the technology to move stones.
> 
> (L) Yeah, but that would have been earlier. Well, didn't the Denisovans have extremely large teeth? Were they connected in some way to the giants?
> 
> A: Yes. Connected but not identical.
> 
> Q: (Artemis) Is anybody here distantly related to a giant?
> 
> (Andromeda) [whispers] Scottie! [laughter]
> 
> (L) In other words, do any of us have any genetic leftovers from that?
> 
> A: No
