### 1100 BCE
* Bronze Age Destruction (Giant Comet Remnants)
* End of "sound wave focusing" (Megalith technology)

> [Session Date: Aug 05, 2000](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-5-august-2000.23029/)
>
>  (J)  I was thinking along another line of questions.  In 1995 I was in the Great Pyramid and it appeared that the King's chamber activated in response to certain tones that we made.  
> 
> A:  Pyramids constructed through sound wave focusing.
> 
> Q:  (J)  Did it respond?  Did we activate it?
> 
> A:  Yes.  Not activate, stimulate. Block fell.

* End of Mohenjo-Daro

> [Session Date: Aug 22, 1998](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-22-august-1998.53714/)
>
Q: We watched this television show the other night which talked about the city of Angkor Wat and its orientation to Draco 10,500 BC. You said that Angkor Wat was built 3108 years ago by the Lizzies themselves, and that the city of Mohenjo Daro was also built by the Lizzies 3065 years ago, which is within 30 or 40 years of the same time period. Do you still confirm that the Lizzies themselves built these 
cities? 
A: Reptilian Beings. 
Q: And they did this themselves? 
A: Yes. 
Q: What happened to the inhabitants of these cities? 
A: Taken to another planet. 
Q: Why was this city built in orientation to the constellation Draco? 
A: Was not, was a record: see the texts of Kaballah for details after linkage is established. 
Q: After what linkage is established. 
A: Between the astronomical data and the sites.  

* Angkhor Wat(Built by Lizards)

> [Session Date: Oct 22, 1994](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,26046.msg310541.html)
>
> Q: (L) Who built the city of Angkor Wat?
> 
> A: That was built by the Lizard Beings themselves. Built approximately 3108 years ago.

* Troy (in Britain) destroyed (illiad)

> [Session Date: Jan 13, 2024](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-13-january-2024.54173/)
>
> Q: (Altair) Did Troy ever exist as a town?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Altair) And if so, where was it located?
> 
> A: England.
> 
> Q: (Joe) "Where Troy Once Stood"
> 
> (Chu) Yeah, we knew that one.
> 
> (Altair) Did the Trojan War really happen as depicted in the Iliad?
> 
> A: No
> 
> Q: (Altair) If not, what was the inspiration for writing The Iliad?
> 
> A: Cataclysms.
> 
> Q: (L) So what was being depicted was basically kind of like a recounting of the cataclysms depicted as kind of like other densities fighting and this being represented on Earth as cataclysms?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (Andromeda) A docudrama.
> 
> (L) A docudrama, yes.
> 
> (Niall) A dramatic representation.
> 

> [Session Date: Jan 13, 2024](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-13-january-2024.54173/)
>
> (The Mexicans) Was Troy the dominating force in the region before its fall?
> 
> A: Yes
> 
> Q: (The Mexicans) Did it get destroyed during the events of 1627/8 BC?
> 
> A: No. 1100 BCE.

* Mahabharat Written?

> [Session Date: Aug 27, 2022](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-27-aug-2022.52414/)

> (seek10) C's mentioned that the Hindu epics Ramayan and Mahabharat are representations of cosmic events. Are they the same event or different events?
> 
> A: Multiple events!
> 
> Q: (seek10) Is Mahabharat event happened at 1100BC end of bronze age event? If no, what is the event date? If yes, is it related to Victor clube's Enke disintegration event ( 1000 =/- 300 BC )?
> 
> A: Close enough. But the main event was the 12900 event.
