> [!abstract] Events
> - Eruption of Thera.
> - Exodus from Crete.
> - Another Aryan Migration to India?
### Session Quotes
#### Eruption of Thera

>  <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-23-august-2001.18638/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Aug 23 2001</a>
>  
> Q:  (L)  What stimulated the eruption of Thera?
> 
> A:  Venus.
> 
> {Here I think that "Venus" is a code for the giant comet described by Victor Clube}
> 
> Q:  (L)  Well, about 40 years after that there was the comet cluster, in 1588 BC, correct?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Well, it seems that Nefertiti disappeared from history in the 12th year of the reign of Akhenaten.  He then died in the 17th year of his reign.  If Nefertiti was Sarah, where was she during this five year period, if Akhenaten died going after her when Abraham/Moses carried her off?
> 
> A:  Locked up.
> 
> Q:  (L)  So, Nefertiti is Sarah and Abraham came and rescued her somehow, is that correct?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  And that happened at the time of the passage of the comet cluster, between 1627 BC and 1588 BC - dramatic events which is what enabled that particular drama to take place...
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  So Abraham retrieved Sarah and Akhenaten went after them and drowned in the river or something?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  So, from 1627 BC to 1588 BC - that's 39 years - almost exactly 40 years of "wandering in the desert," so to say.  So they must have escaped when Thera blew and forty years later, the comets came.  What was Abraham and his crew doing during that time?
> 
> A:  Bedouins.
> 
> Q:  (L)  How many were in this tribe?
> 
> A:  623.
> 
> Q:  (L)  So it wasn't multiple thousands of people as the Bible would have us believe.  Okay, is Abraham the same individual as is presented as his son, Isaac?
> 
> A:  No.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Did Sarah, known to the Egyptians as Nefertiti, give birth to a child when she was 90 years old?
> 
> A:  No.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Was Sarah the mother of Isaac?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Why did Abraham want to sacrifice his son?
> 
> A:  Did not happen.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Who was Hagar the Egyptian?
> 
> A:  Princess of Egypt.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Was she Sarah's maid?
> 
> A:  No.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Was she Sarah's daughter?
> 
> A:  Right nurture to.
> 
> Q:  (L)  What do you mean?  I don't understand.
> 
> A:  Sara's daughter by Akhenaten.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Did Abraham have a child by Hagar also, his wife's daughter by another man?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Well, that's pretty incestuous.  Did Sarah actually get so jealous of her own daughter's child that she demanded that Abraham abandon her?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  When did this tribe finally arrive in Israel and settle down.  Was this after 40 years living as Bedouins?
> 
> A:  Pretty much.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Well, I still have to deal with this King David issue.  He was like a Robin Hood.  Now, in another direction, what's this deal about Abraham talking to God.  Is this where the whole monotheism came in?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  So, it started out with Abraham and his tribe.  Did he have reinforcements of his Levite brothers who came and joined his tribe from Hittite land?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Are there any details of this story that I haven't covered that I ought to?
> 
> A:  David was a Levite.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Was he of the line of Abraham?
> 
> A:  No.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Did he come from "Hittite land?"
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  How many generations before he was born did his family come to the area of Palestine?
> 
> A:  5.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Were they relatives of Abraham?
> 
> A:  Somewhat.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Distantly related.  So, what did David do?  Came along and gathered the people together?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Did they, or did they not, have the Ark of the Covenant?  Was this given to this group of people by 4th density?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Who was it originally given to?
> 
> A:  Abraham.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Who gave it to him?
> 
> A:  Sara.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Is the story of Rachel stealing the household gods from her father may have really been the story of Sara stealing the Ark from Akhenaten?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  No wonder Akhenaten was hot to follow them.  He wasn't after Sara, he wanted his Ark back.
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Who gave the Ark to Akhenaten?
> 
> A:  STS 4th Density.
> 
> Q:  (L)  I begin to smell a rat!  We have read that David's grandmother, Ruth, was a Moabite.  That story is a whole other mystery too.  Okay, where does the story the Jews tell about being imprisoned, enslaved, crushed, etc come from?  What is the source of this tribal memory of being in captivity?
> 
> A:  Sumerian concept.
> 
> Q:  (L)  Okay, that makes sense.  So the Sumerian contribution to the Bible stories mix is the enslavement idea.  They had this ancient legend of having been genetically created to be slaves.  They were servants to the gods, but not the Pharaoh. 

#### Exodus from Crete

> <a href="https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-20-august-2001.18637/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Session Date: Aug 20 2001</a>
>
> Q:  If the Levites were the Hittite Moon worshipers, how come Akhenaten, who hung out with Nefertiti, instituted Sun worship?  That doesn't make sense.
> 
> A:  Future Ho into.
> 
> Q:  Future what into?
> 
> A:  Ho.
> 
> Q:  HO must stand for something.  I don't understand.  Was Nefertiti responsible for Akhenaten's Sun worship?
> 
> A:  Mostly.
> 
> Q:  Well why did it turn into Sun worship instead of Moon worship?
> 
> A:  Future honor of Ra.  Go 353535.  Deity.
> 
> Q:  So in other words they were laying a foundation for future layering of other concepts?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  Was the Temple on Crete at Knossos, was it really a necropolis as Wunderlich suggests?
> 
> A:  5th density waiting room.
> 
> Q:  Did they sacrifice humans there?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  Did they sacrifice animals?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  What animals were they sacrificing, and to whom?
> 
> A:  Apis Bull in part.
> 
> Q:  What was the other part?
> 
> A:  Haho 353535
> 
> Q: "Ho" must be a name.  Is Ho a name of a god?
> 
> A:  HOH 353535
> 
> Q: (T) Is it water?  (L)  Is it like Hawah?  (A) HOH water?
> 
> A:  Remember Irish pig.
> 
> Q:  Was this temple the source of the legends of the Temple of Solomon?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  Was Solomon also King Menes of Minos of Crete?
> 
> A:  No.
> 
> Q:  Was Solomon a king of Egypt?
> 
> A:  Yes.
> 
> Q:  Which king of Egypt was the equivalent of Solomon?
> 
> A:  Narmer.
> 
> Q:  Was Daedalus the "architect" who became known as Hiram Abif?
> 
> A:  Close.
> 
> Q:  Was the explosion of Thera the cataclysmic story later added to the Exodus?
> 
> A:  Yes.
#### Another Aryan Migration to India?

> [Session Date: Jan 14, 2023](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-14-january-2023.52926/)
>
> (seek10) The C's mentioned that the Aryan invasion of India was around 6000 BC, but recent genetic analysis of bone samples from the Indus Valley civilization suggests that the Aryans from 6000 BC (Iranian farmers) are different from Kurgon Hypothesis Indo-Aryans. Is this true?
> 
> A: Note that Iranian farmers are **also** Indo-Aryans.
> 
> Q: (L) How are they different?
> 
> A: Genetic admixture over time.
