> [!abstract] Events
> - Baalbek (1st. cometary Venus Interaction).
> - Narmer Rebillion (3211 BC).
### Session Quotes

#### Baalbek (1st. cometary Venus Interaction)

> [Session Date: Oct 20, 1994](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,25984.msg309782.html)
>
> Q: Who built the city of Baalbek?
> 
> A: Antereans and early Sumerians. We meant Atlanteans. {Who are the Antereans?}
> 
> Q: What is the reason for the enormous proportions of this building?
> 
> A: Giants.
> 
> Q: Who were the giants?
> 
> A: Genetic effort to recreate Nephalim.
> 
> Q: Did the Atlanteans and Sumerians succeed in recreating the Nephilim?
> 
> A: No.
> 
> Q: Why did they build this enormous city?
> 
> A: Retarded subjects.
> 
> Q: The results of their efforts were retarded?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: Why did they build the enormous city?
> 
> A: In anticipation of success.
> 
> Q: Why would someone come along and build a city of the proportions of Baalbek in anticipation of a genetic project that could take many years to accomplish.
> 
> A: Project took only three years. Speeded up growth cycle using nuclear hormonal replication procedure. Why failed.
> 
> Q: That's why it failed, because of the speeded up growth?
> 
> A: Did not take properly.
> 
> Q: What technical means did they use to cut the stones and transport them?
> 
> A: Sound wave focusing.
> 
> Q: What happened to interrupt or halt the building of this city?
> 
> A: Venus first appearance and pass.
> 
> Q: What year was this project brought to a halt?
> 
> A: 3218 B.C.

#### Narmer Rebillion (3211 BC)

> [Session Date: Aug 17, 2003](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-17-august-2003.21618/)
>
> Q:  (Galahad) What was the year of the Narmer rebellion.
> 
> A: 3211 BC
