> [!abstract] Events
> - Magnetic pole shift period.
### Session Quotes

> [Session Date: Jul 11, 1998](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-11-july-1998.53624/)
>
> Q: (A) What is the period of pole shift?
> 
> A: 100,000 years, roughly.

> [Session Date: Jul 11, 1998](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-11-july-1998.53624/)
>
> Q: (A) We have been told that there is going to be a change of the magnetic field of the earth. Does this mean that the magnetic pole will shift?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (A) About this shift of the poles, is it going to be a complete pole reversal?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: (A) What is going to happen inside Earth that could cause this magnetic pole reversal?
> 
> A: Is caused by disturbances in the mineral content of the substrata rock, brought on by the interaction of Earth with outside forces.
> 
> Q: (L) What specific outside forces?
> 
> A: Those already discussed.
> 
> Q: (L) What is going to be the specific mechanism of this disturbance? Can you describe for us the steps by which this pole reversal will take place?
> 
> A: Pole reversal is cyclical anyway; these events merely serve as trigger mechanism.
> Q: (L) Let me ask it this way: is there a charge that builds up in the mineral substrata that requires discharge, or that becomes excited to the point that it discharges and then reverses? Is this what we are talking about in terms of the mechanism?
> 
> A: Examine what is needed to magnetize metal. Ask Arkadiusz.
> 
> Q: (A) What is needed to magnetize metal? One has to align the spins of the atoms which means one has to strike the metal, or one has to bring a magnetic field close. (T) Strike as in annealing... heating and striking metal or rock which causes the crystalline structure to decompose so that the metal becomes pliable. Then, each time it is hit, it reforms until it cools again. (L) Is this what we are talking about here?
> 
> A: Close.
> 
> Q: (A) One can also have an external magnetic field to align. But, where is it going to come from?
> 
> A: Guess.
> 
> Q: (L) The wave?
> 
> A: All are interconnected.
> 
> Q: (T) Now, this is just a thought: where would an external magnetic field strong enough to do something like that come from? On the earth, if you supercharge the ionosphere, you create an extremely intense magnetic field. That's what the ionosphere basically is. That is what the HAARP group of programs is about. That is what Tesla was into - the ionosphere - because there is a large charge there. (L) Is the HAARP project involved here?
> 
> A: No.
