> [!abstract] Events
> - Landing Strip on Moon.
### Session Quotes

> [Session Date: Jan 22, 2000](https://www.cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/session-22-january-2000.20527/)
>
> Q: Now, we have this picture of this sort of "track" on the Moon here. It is 29 KM long and about 1 KM wide, and they are calling it a "landing strip." Well, it's pretty big to be a landing strip, in my opinion. What is it?
> 
> A: Residue of ancient mining operation.
> 
> Q: How ancient, by our calendar?
> 
> A: 350,000 years, approximately.
> 
> Q: In specific, how does this mark relate to a mining operation? Was it like strip mining, or where mining machines were driving back and forth, or what?
> 
> A: Underground channel mining.
> 
> Q: So, it is a depression caused by an underground mine. What was being mined?
> 
> A: Lignite and gold.
> 
> Q: Who was doing the mining?
> 
> A: Who made you?
> 
> Q: Orions?
> 
> A: Yes.
> 
> Q: What did they use this lignite and gold for?
> 
> A: Conduction of electromagnetism.
> 
> Q: Did they take this material out of our solar system to use elsewhere?
> 
> A: Some.
> 
> Q: (A) I don't understand something here. These alchemists, who were not so clever as 4th density, were apparently able to produce gold. Now, these Orions who are so much more advanced, one would suppose, could not do transmutation, but needed to engage in mining? If they are so clever, why couldn't they transmute iron to gold? Why did they have to mine the gold?
> 
> A: Have to? Not necessarily. Greed dictates that when it is there for the taking, do so. Does the counterfeiter walk away from a stash of cash?
